# Adelphia
Adelphia is a pen and paper variant of the Fire Emblem game mechanics. This is attempt to come full circle, to bring the video game back to its roots in the Pen and Paper RPG setting.
# Fire Emblem
Fire Emblem was the first computer aided tactical role playing game. First released in Japan in 1990, the game combined basic role playing game staples with turn based strategy. While popular in Japan, it didn’t see worldwide release until 2003, with the release of "Fire Emblem" for the Game Boy Advance, due to the inclusion of two of the series’ main characters in "Super Smash Brothers: Melee."
The most defining features of the series are the weapon triangles and the permanent deaths of the characters. Combat is done in a rock-paper-scissors type fashion, with swords working well against axes which work well against lances. Also, when a character is defeated in combat, they remain unusable for the rest of the game.
# Basic Dice Rolling
Adelphia is a "Roll Under" system. Except in one instance, you will be rolling the two ten sided dice to generate a random number between 0% and 99%. This is done by designating one of the two dice as the tens digit, and the other as the ones digit. You roll both dice, and read the result as a percentile. For example, a roll of 4 on the tens die and a 7 on the ones die is a 47%. A roll of a double zero, 00%, is therefore the best roll available, being the lowest roll possible. In formulas given later in the book, this process is abbreviated to d%, meaning roll the two 10 sided dice and use the percential reading
The other Instance of dice rolling is used when leveling up your character. Instead of reading the two ten sided dice as a single percentage, you will add the numbers together and use the total. So in the previous example, the 4 and the 7 would be worth a total of 11. You are still rolling under, again making a roll of double zero, 0 + 0, the best roll available.
